Narrowing the skills gap, one chapter at a time.

An agile project manager plans, leads, organizes and motivates agile project teams. Even if you do not aspire to become a project manager, you've likely been a member of an agile work team or will sometime in your career. Season 6 is less about the agile methodology and more about YOU and how your talents might complement or conflict with those of your teammates.

Welcome to summer school where the topics are light and the training is easy. In Season 6 we will use one assessment to help you Know Your Strength, whether in an agile work environment, or not.

Cangrade is a Cambridge-based company that offers a data-driven approach to hiring. They provide a free assessment to help you determine what drives your success?

Here is an example of how I used this assessment to identify What Drives My Success. The resulting Strength Report provides a summary that can be shared in interview situations and team meetings.

Why Agile?

Agile ranks #2 on the list of most in-demand technical skills according to the latest analysis by Beantown Web. To learn more about average Agile Project Manager salaries, access Opportunities and Compensation.

How Do I Get Started?

Become a member of Boston PHP, if you are not already a member. Simply click: Join us!

Register for Agile Appetizer, Season 6. Simply RSVP: Yes

NOTE: There is NO classroom instruction. There are NO Zoom meetings. There are NO scheduled appointments of any kind. You simply proceed at a pace that best fits into your current work/life schedule.

FAQs:

Q: How long will Season 6 last?

A: We will conduct one sprint, covering one assessment, starting Sunday, July 31, 2022 and ending Saturday, August 13, 2022.

Q: Do I have to wait until Sunday, July 31, 2022 to begin?

A: No need to wait! Feel free to begin as soon as you sign up. Simply post a message on the Introduce Yourself message board and share your experience with participating on an agile team so that we can gauge participation. Then, proceed with the free assessment and share your results.

Q: What if I have additional questions?

A: Simply post a reply below ("Add a comment") and you will receive a response.

What's Next?

Stay tuned for Agile Appetizer, Season 7, expected to begin in Fall, 2022. Are you looking for a more detailed explanation of the mechanics of the agile methodology? In Season 7 we will explore a FREE tutorial offered through Udemy. Until then ...

Invite your co-workers and fellow techies to join in the fun. Then, let's get agile (virtually)!

Gene Babon

Co-Organizer & Chief Percolator

Boston PHP Meetup & Web Apprentices
