
photo credit: Freepik

Narrowing the skills gap, one video at a time.

Boston PHP is All In with AI. LinkedIn Learning has made Getting Started with Prompt Engineering available for FREE for a limited time. This Learning Path contains six courses and more than six hours of training material. Upon completing each course you will receive a certificate you can post to your LinkedIn profile. In addition, you will receive a Learning Path certificate once you complete all six courses. All you need to begin is a LinkedIn account.

This Learning Path includes the following courses:

Introduction to Prompt Engineering for Generative AI
Top 10 AI Prompts
Prompt Engineering with Gemini
Introduction to Multimodal Prompting for Generative AI
Prompt Engineering and AI Agents with ChatGPT
AI Agents Made Simple: Your Zero-to-Hero Guide to Prompting for Work Automation
Why Obtain a Certificate?

The majority of HR professionals rely on certifications during the hiring process. Why? Many don’t have the grasp of technical skills necessary to thoroughly evaluate candidates, so they need a third-party source to certify skills. [ Source: Dice ]

How Do I Get Started?

Become a member of Boston PHP, if you are not already a member. Simply click: Join this group
Sign up for All In with AI, Season 3. Simply RSVP: Attend online
A requirement for participating in this virtual self-study group:

Once you sign up you will use the Event Comments (below) to update your progress and share each Certificate of Completion you obtain.
Note #1: This virtual self-study group activity began October 27, 2025 and ends November 22, 2025. (Meetup is not set up to handle multi-day events.)

Note #2: There is NO classroom instruction. There are NO Zoom meetings. There are NO scheduled appointments of any kind. You simply proceed at a pace that best fits into your current work/life schedule.

FAQs:

Q: How long will Season 3 last?
A: We will conduct one sprint (course) per week, starting Monday, October 27, 2025 and ending Saturday, November 22, 2025.

Q: Do I have to wait until Saturday, November 22, 2025 to begin?
A: No need to wait! In fact, this training opportunity ENDS on November 22, 2025. So, you should begin as soon as you sign up. Simply post a message on the Event Comments (below) to introduce yourself and share your experience with artificial intelligence. These comments will help me gauge participation. Then, proceed with one of the six FREE courses.

Q: What if I have additional questions?
A: Simply post a reply below ("Add a comment") and you will receive a response.

Invite your co-workers and fellow techies to join in the fun. Then, let's get (artificially) intelligent!

Gene Babon
Co-Organizer & Chief Percolator
Boston PHP Meetup & Web Apprentices
