photo credit: Freepik

Narrowing the skills gap, one chapter or video at a time.

LinkedIn Learning is All In with AI. This training site has made the following Learning Path FREE for a limited time: Applying AI as a Tech Leader. The Learning Path consists of 10 courses, each approximately one hour long. Upon completing each course you will receive a certificate you can post to your LinkedIn profile. Season 1 will consist of five weeks of sprints. Join us and we'll learn about artificial intelligence together.

LinkedIn Learning has classified this Learning Path as Level 2 on their AI Upskilling Framework. The five levels are as follows: 

Understanding

Applying

Building

Training & Maintaining Models

Deeply Specializing

Additional Learning Paths are available at different Upskilling levels.

Why Obtain a Certificate?

The majority of HR professionals rely on certifications during the hiring process. Why? Many don’t have the grasp of technical skills necessary to thoroughly evaluate candidates, so they need a third-party source to certify skills. [ Source: Dice ]

How Do I Get Started?

Become a member of Boston PHP, if you are not already a member. Simply click: Join this group

Register for All In with AI, Season 1. Simply RSVP: Attend online

NOTE: There is NO classroom instruction. There are NO Zoom meetings. There are NO scheduled appointments of any kind. You simply proceed at a pace that best fits into your current work/life schedule.

FAQs:

Q: How long will Season 1 last?

A: We will conduct two sprints per week, starting Monday, June 3, 2024 and ending Sunday, July 7, 2024.

Q: Do I have to wait until Monday, June 3, 2024 to begin?

A: No need to wait! Feel free to begin as soon as you sign up. Simply post a message on the Introduce Yourself message board (coming soon) and share your experience with artificial intelligence so that we can gauge participation. Then, proceed with the first of 10 courses.

Q: What if I have additional questions?

A: Simply post a reply below ("Add a comment") and you will receive a response.

Invite your co-workers and fellow techies to join in the fun. Then, let's get (artificially) intelligent!

Gene Babon

Co-Organizer & Chief Percolator

Boston PHP Meetup & Web Apprentices
