photo credit: Freepik

Narrowing the skills gap, one chapter or video at a time.

Boston PHP is All In with AI. LinkedIn Learning has made 10 training courses on the topic of artificial intelligence available for FREE for a limited time. Each course is approximately one to two hours long. Upon completing each course you will receive a certificate you can post to your LinkedIn profile. Simply pick and chose which course(s) you would like attend and begin. All you need is a LinkedIn account.

Introduction to Artificial Intelligence

Introduction to Prompt Engineering for Generative AI

Generative AI for Business Leaders

Ethics in the Age of Generative AI

Artificial Intelligence Foundations: Machine Learning

Prompt Engineering: How to Talk to the AIs

Artificial Intelligence Foundations: Thinking Machines

Generative AI vs. Traditional AI

Responsible AI: Principles and Practical Applications

AI Trends

Why Obtain a Certificate?

The majority of HR professionals rely on certifications during the hiring process. Why? Many don’t have the grasp of technical skills necessary to thoroughly evaluate candidates, so they need a third-party source to certify skills. [ Source: Dice ]

How Do I Get Started?

Become a member of Boston PHP, if you are not already a member. Simply click: Join this group

Sign up for All In with AI, Season 2. Simply RSVP: Attend online

A requirement for participating in this virtual self-study group:

Once you sign up you will use the Event Comments (below) to update your progress and share each Certificate of Completion you obtain.

Note #1: This virtual self-study group activity began June 19, 2025 and ends July 31, 2025. (Meetup is not set up to handle multi-day events.)

Note #2: There is NO classroom instruction. There are NO Zoom meetings. There are NO scheduled appointments of any kind. You simply proceed at a pace that best fits into your current work/life schedule.

FAQs:

Q: How long will Season 2 last?

A: We will conduct one sprint per week, starting Friday, June 20, 2025 and ending Thursday, July 31, 2025.

Q: Do I have to wait until Friday, June 20, 2025 to begin?

A: No need to wait! Feel free to begin as soon as you sign up. Simply post a message on the Event Comments (below) to introduce yourself and share your experience with artificial intelligence. These comments will help us gauge participation. Then, proceed with one of the FREE courses.

Q: What if I have additional questions?

A: Simply post a reply below ("Add a comment") and you will receive a response.

Invite your co-workers and fellow techies to join in the fun. Then, let's get (artificially) intelligent!

Gene Babon

Co-Organizer & Chief Percolator

Boston PHP Meetup & Web Apprentices
