Narrowing the skills gap, one chapter at a time.

freeCodeCamp offers a free APIs for Beginners Tutorial.

APIs, or Application Programming Interfaces, are a critical component of web development and programming. They provide a way for different applications and systems to communicate with each other, exchanging data and enabling functionalities.

If you are new to web development and want to learn more about how to use APIs as you develop web applications, then this virtual self-study group is for you.

Why Learn API?

API ranks #9 on Beantown Web's Boston Web Tech Job Market | May 2023. Currently, employers in the Boston metro area mention API in more than 700 job postings. By comparison, PHP ranks #47 and is mentioned in fewer than 200 job postings.

Summer School

Welcome to summer school where the topics are light and the training is easy. In this introductory video-based course we will cover the following three units:

What is an API?

Exploring APIs

All Together Now

Each unit includes approximately one hour of training material. No certificates are issued for this course. However, you can add a link to this training on your LinkedIn profile and let your network know about your continuing education efforts.

How Do I Get Started?

Become a member of Boston PHP, if you are not already a member. Simply click: Join this group.

Sign up for API a la Mode, Season 3. Simply click: Attend.

NOTE: There is NO classroom instruction. There are NO Zoom meetings. There are NO scheduled appointments of any kind. You simply proceed at a pace that best fits into your current work/life schedule.

FAQs:

Q: How long will API a la Mode, Season 3 last?

A: We will conduct three one-week sprints starting Monday, June 19, 2023 and ending Sunday, July 8, 2023.

Q: Do I have to wait until Monday, June 19, 2023 to begin?

A: No need to wait! Feel free to begin as soon as you sign up. Simply post a message in the Introduce Yourself discussion area (coming soon) of the Boston PHP Message Board (coming soon) and share your reason for participating in this virtual self-study group. This pledge of commitment will help us gauge participation. Then, proceed with the first of three weekly sprints in this course.

Q: What if I have additional questions?

A: Simply post a reply below ("Add a comment") and you will receive a response.

What's Next?

Stay tuned for additional Summer School classes. Until then, invite your co-workers and fellow techies to join in the fun. Then, let's start interfacing (virtually, of course)!

Gene Babon

Co-Organizer & Chief Percolator

Boston PHP Meetup & Web Apprentices
