Narrowing the skills gap, one chapter at a time.

An agile project manager plans, leads, organizes and motivates agile project teams. Even if you do not aspire to become a project manager, you've likely been a member of an agile work team, or will sometime in your career. Season 7 will introduce you to the agile methodology, either as a participant, or as a team leader.

KICKOFF™ is a free, interactive project management course, offered by the Project Management Institute (PMI). It takes approximately one hour to complete. Use it to get up to speed on project management basics. Simply Try KICKOFF™ by creating a free account, and then accessing the Agile course. (NOTE: The Predictive course refers to a more waterfall approach to project management.)

Why Agile?

Agile ranks #2 on the list of most in-demand technical skills according to the latest analysis by Beantown Web. To learn more about average Agile Project Manager salaries, access Opportunities and Compensation.

Why Obtain a Certificate?

80 percent of HR professionals rely on certifications during the hiring process. Why? Many don’t have the grasp of technical skills necessary to thoroughly evaluate candidates, so they need a third-party source to certify skills. [ Source: Dice ]

Upon successful completion of this course you will receive a Fundamentals of Agile Project Management badge that you can post to your LinkedIn account and share on social media.

How Do I Get Started?

Become a member of Boston PHP, if you are not already a member. Simply click: Join this group

Register for Agile Appetizer, Season 7. Simply RSVP: Yes

NOTE: There is NO classroom instruction. There are NO Zoom meetings. There are NO scheduled appointments of any kind. You simply proceed at a pace that best fits into your current work/life schedule.

FAQs:

Q: How long will Season 7 last?

A: We will conduct one sprint, lasting two weeks, starting Monday, May 6, 2024 and ending Sunday, May 19, 2024.

Q: Do I have to wait until Monday, May 6, 2024 to begin?

A: No need to wait! Feel free to begin as soon as you sign up. Simply post a message on the Introduce Yourself message board (coming soon) and share your experience as a participant on an agile team so that we can gauge participation. Then, proceed with the free web-based training on PMI's website and share your results.

Q: What if I have additional questions?

A: Simply post a reply below ("Add a comment") and you will receive a response.

Invite your co-workers and fellow techies to join in the fun. Then, let's get agile (virtually)!

Gene Babon

Co-Organizer & Chief Percolator

Boston PHP Meetup & Web Apprentices
