Frontend Masters offers a Front-End Development Bootcamp. This training is offered online and is completed FREE. Bootcamp is a ground-up introduction to HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

But I already know that stuff, you say? Well, maybe, maybe not. Perhaps you don't want to participate in all nine modules. While Frontend Masters suggests that you participate in all modules—in order—feel free to pick and choose the modules that might be most beneficial to you depending on your training and experience.

Attending Front-End Development Bootcamp is a 21-hour investment in your front-end future. However, while not recommended, you might opt to simply dip a toe in the boot. If you feel that you are already an expert in HTML and CSS and can't possibly learn any more, then you might choose to participate in one of the later Bootcamp modules. (NOTE: Jen Kramer, a long-time Boston PHP member, teaches the first five modules and comes highly recommended by yours truly.)

Bootcamp Modules

Introduction to HTML | 1+ hour

Introduction to CSS | 4+ hours

HTML Forms | 2+ hours

Website Embeds & GitHub Pages | 1- hour

Calculator Project: HTML & CSS | 1- hour

Introduction to JavaScript | 5+ hours

Calculator Project: JavaScript | 1+ hour

Using JavaScript in Websites | 3+ hours

Build a Game Project: Feed-A-Star-Mole | 2+ hours

How Do I Get Started?

Become a member of Boston PHP, if you are not already a member. Simply click: Join this group.

Sign up for Front-End Development Bootcamp. Simply click: Attend.

NOTE: There is NO classroom instruction. There are NO Zoom meetings. There are NO scheduled appointments of any kind. You simply proceed at a pace that best fits into your current work/life schedule.

FAQs:

Q: How long will Front-End Development Bootcamp last?

A: We will conduct one-week sprints starting Monday, September 18, 2023 and continue through the end of the year, ending Sunday, December 31, 2023.

Q: Do I have to wait until Monday, September 18, 2023 to begin?

A: No need to wait! Feel free to begin as soon as you sign up. Simply post a message in the Introduce Yourself discussion area (coming soon) of the Boston PHP Message Board and share your reason for participating in this virtual self-study group. This pledge of commitment will help us gauge participation. Then, proceed with the first weekly sprint in this course.

Q: What if I have additional questions?

A: Simply post a reply below ("Add a comment") and you will receive a response.

What's Next?

Stay tuned for additional Fall Session classes. Until then, invite your co-workers and fellow techies to join in the fun. Then, let's begin the bootcamp (virtually, of course)!

Gene Babon

Co-Organizer & Chief Percolator

Boston PHP Meetup & Web Apprentices
