Narrowing the skills gap, one chapter at a time.

Microsoft has packaged a six-course program entitled Career Essentials in Generative AI by Microsoft and LinkedIn (Microsoft owns LinkedIn). In addition, they have made this learning path FREE for a limited time. No LinkedIn Learning paid subscription required; only a LinkedIn profile.

Virtual Winter

Welcome to the Winter Session of our virtual self-study group initiative. In this introductory learning path we will cover the following six courses:

What Is Generative AI?

Generative AI: The Evolution of Thoughtful Online Search

Streamlining Your Work with Copilot (formerly Bing Chat/Bing Chat Enterprise)

Microsoft 365 Copilot First Look

Ethics in the Age of Generative AI

Introduction to Artificial Intelligence

Each course includes no more than one hour of training material on average. Upon completing each course you will receive a certificate to post to your LinkedIn profile. In addition, you will receive a certificate for successfully completing the entire six-course learning path (seven total certificates).

Why Obtain a Certificate?

80 percent of HR professionals rely on certifications during the hiring process. Why? Many don’t have the grasp of technical skills necessary to thoroughly evaluate candidates, so they need a third-party source to certify skills. [ Source: Dice ]

How Do I Get Started?

Follow these steps:

Become a member of Boston PHP, if you are not already a member. Simply click: Join this group.

Sign up for Career Essentials in Generative AI. Simply click: Attend.

NOTE: There is NO classroom instruction. There are NO Zoom meetings. There are NO scheduled appointments of any kind. You simply proceed at a pace that best fits into your current work/life schedule.

Frequently Asked Questions

Q: How long will Career Essentials in Generative AI last?

A: We will conduct six one-week sprints starting Monday, January 8, 2024 and ending Sunday, February 18, 2024.

Q: Do I have to wait until Monday, January 8, 2024 to begin?

A: No need to wait! Feel free to begin as soon as you sign up. Simply post a message in the Introduce Yourself discussion area of the Boston PHP Message Board and share your reason for participating in this virtual self-study group. This pledge of commitment will help us gauge participation. Then, proceed with the first of six courses in this learning path.

Q: What if I have additional questions?

A: Simply post a reply below ("Add a comment") and you will receive a response.

What's Next?

Stay tuned for additional Virtual Winter classes. Until then, invite your co-workers and fellow techies to join in the fun. Then, let's get artificial!

Gene Babon

Co-Organizer & Chief Percolator

Boston PHP Meetup & Web Apprentices

P.S. Need convincing to sign up and participate in this virtual self-study group? Check out 300+ AI Jobs Statistics: Remote, Worldwide & The Future.
