Narrowing the skills gap, one chapter at a time.

If you are on the periphery of software development and want to expand your knowledge, this virtual self-study group is for you.

~ Perhaps you're just starting your technology career.

~ Maybe you have technology experience, just not in software development.

~ Perhaps you're currently working in recruiting or human resources or project management.

~ Maybe you're working in another career field entirely and want to learn more about opportunities in software development.

Microsoft has packaged a three-course program entitled Career Essentials in Software Development by Microsoft and LinkedIn (Microsoft owns LinkedIn). In addition, they have made this learning path FREE for a limited time. No LinkedIn Learning paid subscription required; only a LinkedIn profile.

Summer School

Welcome to summer school where the topics are light and the training is easy. In this introductory learning path we will cover the following three courses:

Introduction to Career Skills in Software Development

Programming Foundations: Fundamentals

Programming Foundations: Beyond the Fundamentals

Each course includes two hours of training material. Upon completing each course you will receive a certificate to post to your LinkedIn profile. In addition, you will receive a certificate for successfully completing the three-course learning path.

Why Obtain a Certificate?

80 percent of HR professionals rely on certifications during the hiring process. Why? Many don’t have the grasp of technical skills necessary to thoroughly evaluate candidates, so they need a third-party source to certify skills. [ Source: Dice ]

How Do I Get Started?

Become a member of Boston PHP, if you are not already a member. Simply click: Join this group.

Register for Intro to Software Development. Simply click: Attend.

NOTE: There is NO classroom instruction. There are NO Zoom meetings. There are NO scheduled appointments of any kind. You simply proceed at a pace that best fits into your current work/life schedule.

FAQs:

Q: How long will Intro to Software Development last?

A: We will conduct three one-week sprints starting Monday, May 15, 2023 and ending Sunday, June 4, 2023.

Q: Do I have to wait until Monday, May 15, 2023 to begin?

A: No need to wait! Feel free to begin as soon as you sign up. Simply post a message on the Introduce Yourself area (coming soon) of the Boston PHP Message Board and share your reason for participating in this virtual self-study group. This pledge of commitment will help us gauge participation. Then, proceed with the first of three courses in this learning path.

Q: What if I have additional questions?

A: Simply post a reply below ("Add a comment") and you will receive a response.

What's Next?

Stay tuned for additional Summer School classes. Until then, invite your co-workers and fellow techies to join in the fun. Then, let's start developing!

Gene Babon

Co-Organizer & Chief Percolator

Boston PHP Meetup & Web Apprentices
