Narrowing the skills gap, one chapter at a time.

PHP Percolate launched on January 1, 2011 as our inaugural virtual self-study group. Season 13 is our latest incarnation.

Welcome to the Winter Session of our virtual self-study group offerings. Our focus during this session will be learning programming basics via a unique collaboration between LinkedIn Learning and GitHub. All offerings are available for free through February 28, 2023.

LinkedIn is offering 50 new LinkedIn Learning courses that are integrated with GitHub Codespaces. One of those courses is Hands-On Introduction: PHP.

PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development. Nearly 8 out of every 10 websites on the internet use PHP on the back end. Currently, Indeed lists more than 200 job openings in the Boston metro area that mention PHP in the job description.

How Do I Get Started?

Become a member of Boston PHP, if you are not already a member. Simply click: Join us!

Register for PHP Percolate, Season 13. Simply RSVP: Yes

NOTE: There is NO classroom instruction. There are NO Zoom meetings. There are NO scheduled appointments of any kind. You simply proceed at a pace that best fits into your current work/life schedule.

FAQs:

Q: How long will Season 13 last?

A: We will conduct three one-week sprints, covering the three chapters in this two-hour, intermediate level course, starting Sunday, January 1, 2023 and ending Saturday, January 21, 2023.

Q: Do I have to wait until Sunday, January 1, 2023 to begin?

A: No need to wait! Feel free to begin as soon as you sign up. Simply post a message on the Introduce Yourself message board (coming soon) and share a link to your GitHub account so that we can gauge participation. Then, proceed at your own pace.

Q: What if I have additional questions?

A: Simply post a reply below ("Add a comment") and you will receive a response.

What's Next?

PHP Percolate, Season 13 is the first of several virtual self-study groups that will run in January and February and will take advantage of LinkedIn Learning's free training using GitHub Codespaces. Stay tuned for additional announcements.

Invite your co-workers and fellow techies to join in the fun. Then, let's start percolating (virtually)!

Gene Babon

Co-Organizer & Chief Percolator

Boston PHP & Web Apprentices
