

Narrowing the skills gap, one chapter at a time.

Welcome to the Post Pandemic Challenge. The Challenge began on July 1 with two sprints in July and continued with two sprints in August. Here is where we stand ...

Retrospective > August Sprint #2

19 members signed up for the Post Pandemic Challenge
3 members made the commitment to begin by posting an Introduction
2 members are sprinting
Sprint Standings

Catherine Waldron has completed eight courses.
Gene Babon has completed two courses.

September Sprint #1

The next sprint begins Wednesday, September 1 and concludes Wednesday, September 15.

The Post Pandemic Challenge covers 11 courses. You can participate in as many courses as you like, in any order. Each time you complete a course, you receive a certificate that you can post to your LinkedIn account. Complete all 11 courses and receive a bonus certificate signifying that you have Become a Software Developer.

The Post Pandemic Challenge will last six months and is divided into 12 sprints. There will be two sprints per month, so each sprint will last approximately two weeks. The challenge is to complete one course during a sprint. Courses range in duration from one hour to five hours. So, a longer course might require two sprints to complete. If you budget your time and proceed at a pace of 90 minutes per week, you will complete the challenge.

The next action, for those registrants who have not yet made a commitment to begin, is to review Post Pandemic Challenge > Getting Started. Then, post an Introduction (Think: 15-minute stand-up) stating what you will commit to work on during this sprint. You can also post any barriers you might be encountering in shifting into post pandemic gear in the comments under Post Pandemic Challenge > Getting Started.

Lastly, I will continue to push back the start date near the end of each month for the remainder of the year. The current "start date" is now October 1. This does not delay the start (we began on July 1). I adjust the start date to keep this Meetup on the event schedule. The effect is to allow any member to join at any time and begin the Challenge. So, invite your coworkers to take the Post Pandemic Challenge with you and Become a Software Developer.

All right, summer of about to end. Sad but true. Are we going back to the office and returning to normal? Not just yet. If you are still working from home, then consider budgeting a small amount of your precious time to advance your career in some small way.

Let's keep sprinting, or running, or jogging, or slogging, or walking, or crawling, whichever works for you.

Gene Babon

Co-Organizer, Boston PHP
Lead Apprentice, Web Apprentices
